and especially we're not going to talk to the
people to give us details is a
car that is still very much
attractive seen on the street I'm not going to
ask a small question to the guys
good afternoon welcome thank you very much
for being in the good in all the
relics I imagine they told me if
it rained this car did not come well is
impossible to get it out they told me also no
you're going to rub it even with the
pants because guys that weapon does not
totally no you can not even approach the
auto look at it a little bit you are the
gambling club Buenos Aires Buenos Aires
because apart there are several branches in
the whole country right
louis the silver
sea ​​of ​​silver-
there are many many places we go
showing some the cars talk to
the boys too
I cross on camera should not do but
for as always Maria Velez but what
yes we already took the message to get him
the key for when friends come
because we know that this car too
Well, I'm going to show you how to see
see here I'm pe cable but I think not
has use this car directly
even with the angel this detail is not
the impeccable user manual
as it came to that moment we are going to
ask the boys what model of
this car but do not notice you this
this original healthy have nothing
absolutely studied how we were
asking and this one particularly that
we are seeing what model is a gtx 2.2
model 88 88 this other was manufactured up
the year 1995 now these 92 92 this the
last year of 7 x
the following year the 7th appears as
89 grams as if from 82 that
start the Argentine production in
Saint Elizabeth
start the gtx 2 liters
in the year for the 86 range it changes to the
gtx phase 2 that changed the gtx tires
2.2 in 87 thousand 988 we pay 89 90 with the
people who is purple blue
what we have there
now that I would ask what can be
raise calories as the mind
but this one look at the truth that gives us a
joy maria belen jammedia all the
because we are going to make this a
classic with classic cars how much
was worth the fire kingdom in its time to see
how much cheap and $ 28,000 and it arrived
to be worth 32 thousand and of these the most
different series and there were always let's say
a single model like that was taken out two
versions at some time for the year
in progress was a single model was capped
range and from the year 87 began to
bring some option to what the
leather upholstery first floor
leather series and then went from being
optional I'm going to ask the question
evil what was better the one that came from
the two-liter the first the French
which I think is this or the gta that came
after that was the last true version
good you chose the latest version in
reality was the gta max that was a
evolution of both the gta and the gta
max are they were designed nothing more than
for the Argentine market
already had a greater evolution in the
chassis had the back gauge more
wide and share the engine with this one that
gtx 2.2 and people to maxia brings another
camshaft a little more compression
and a few more cases the issue is like this
this I put the sea if after
Maria Belen well and you drive them so
with me I go companion
if you want to see who is going to
lend the car maria belen after
they arrange with her but to me who gives me
the keys to make see love one the
of yours
let's share a little bit we're going to
ask the people of the club the
fire yes yes indeed in argentina had
more impact than any other part
of the world because in France it was not a
important truth so important model
in the first years that they still had
The coupe of this size that is
they call industrial coupe
then a later and then
let's hear this
look at noriega to see
April the engine shows it to the engine and
then put it back watching with programs
Go ahead
at this point I think he's a pilot
frustrated
I believe that it is little sasha and in sunchales
has wanted to have dreamed of being a knick and
the doubt
He did very well in his profession but
I think that in your forums we intuited that you wanted
being racer
a boy with a new toy
because apart from the whistle car that
has this motor barbarian suffered not
you suffer a little, I can not accelerate
I do not put quiet first but Maria
belen the race grab one is so
hide when it comes
[Music]
well we are in our sauce this is
very good what was gained with this
skinny to the owner of the reindeer beni's
the fire keeps saved by the size no
you offer it for doubt because seven
boys if this boy gets angry 7
many of us who are complicated
good with contours like this one a man
first radio fabio big the truth
with this you gained enough either me
I retired done in another time I know that
is watching that shows a look at the
time I could win with this still
not handled well so it will be clear and
today how much is a car in the market
well in these conditions in condition
classic like this one that is a car with 62
thousand real miles that I a classic
has no pressure but when it is published
a car of this more or less than the
price is a thing value is another and this
this sells that sells more
the taste that the person has to come to
buy them at the value of the price of the place
about these vehicles
for the car I will say pesos about 500
pesos
good
I'm going to study it if it comes to
here also or as the
production to handle guys from my
part thanks for coming follow with
roberto yours and excellent good week
noriega
the taste design accelerate it nativity
now we wait for you in a little while
when you want there is no problem
while when they arrange it when
we can also go a little further
in the history of the car because it is
very rich the car was designed in france and
in Argentina it was all a rage , let's go
talk to you well I'll go with you
there you will act as co-pilot as always
they are very careful
I was a little more of you than many
They're biting my lip and I know I 'm not going
to convince we go to tucumán while
so much listen noble iván